- Error handling is critical to ensure the
application is functioning properly.
In this video, we're going to cover
different topics around error
handling in the Lambda platform.
We can split Lambda errors in two categories.
First category is function errors.
Those are errors that appear within the code.
The other type of errors are invocation errors.
Invocation errors occur when the
invocation request is rejected before your
function receives it.
Common function errors would be,
exceptions that are not captured and
are thrown out of the handler function.
Runtime terminated because it ran out of time.
Detected syntax error
or failed to deserialize object to JSON.
Common invocation errors are Requests,
requests too large or invalid JSON and
function doesn't exist or parameter value
is in wrong type. Caller, user or service
doesn't have permissions to invoke the
function. Account, maximum number of
function instances are already running or
requests are made too quickly.
The full list of invocation errors with their
their codes can be found in AWS
developer's guide under invocation.
Each error is serialized to JSON,
giving information on error message,
error type, stackTrace, and the cause
of an error, in case there are
nested exceptions. In Java for functional
errors, if you're using existing AWS handler
interface, we can just use runtime exceptions.
Otherwise we are also free to declare
exceptions in our method.
How can we handle such errors?
In most cases, we will be using rest operations
to see end result in synchronous call.
Calling an application or client
receives an error and is responsible for
handling such errors programmatically.
There are cases where Lambda can be invoked
us in Kronos sleep.
For example, for long running operations, or if
Lambda is invoked from AWS as three events.
In such cases, events are placed in a
queue before being sent to the function.
In case an error occurred, Lambda
platform gives us an couple of options.
We can set retry policies by specifying the
amount of retries and maximum age
and afterwards putting them to dead letter
queues, which allow us to apply some
custom logic to process such messages.
You can also configure Lambda to send
an invocation record to another service
by using destinations. Lambda destinations
not only allows you to configure a destination
when an Asynchronous invocation didn't work,
but it also allows it to configure it
when the function code succeeded.
For example, you can configure
messages to be sent to Amazon SQS,
a standard SQS queue, Amazon SNS and SNS topic.
AWS Lambda, a Lambda function and Amazon
EventBridge, EventBridge EventBus.